README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Vasilis</h1>
<img align="right" alt="Coding" width="400" src="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/e4/26/70/e426702edf874b181aced1e2fa5c6cde.gif">


- 🔭 I’m currently working on **various Computer Vision Projects**

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **Algorithms & Complexity, Neural Networks, Computer Vision, Compilers & Languagues Architecture, Multivariable Calculus**

- 📫 How to reach me **vpapageridis23@gmail.com**

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="[https://linkedin.com/in/vasileios papageridis](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vasileios-papageridis/)" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="vasileios papageridis" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-in/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/microsoft_azure/microsoft_azure-icon.svg" alt="azure" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.cprogramming.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/c/c-original.svg" alt="c" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.adobe.com/in/products/illustrator.html" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/adobe_illustrator/adobe_illustrator-icon.svg" alt="illustrator" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.java.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mathworks.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png" alt="matlab" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.photoshop.com/en" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/photoshop/photoshop-line.svg" alt="photoshop" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.php.net" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/php/php-original.svg" alt="php" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://unity.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/unity3d/unity3d-icon.svg" alt="unity" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

Commit message:

Revise README with current studies and projects
Updated personal information and current studies.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Vasilis</h1>
<img align="right" alt="Coding" width="400" src="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/e4/26/70/e426702edf874b181aced1e2fa5c6cde.gif">


- 🔭 I’m currently pursuing my MSc in Advanced Telecommunication Technologies with specialization on Deep Learning at **Universitat Politécnica de Catalunya**

- 📫 How to reach me **vpapageridis23@gmail.com**

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="[https://linkedin.com/in/vasileios papageridis](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vasileios-papageridis/)" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="vasileios papageridis" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-in/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/microsoft_azure/microsoft_azure-icon.svg" alt="azure" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.cprogramming.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/c/c-original.svg" alt="c" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.adobe.com/in/products/illustrator.html" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/adobe_illustrator/adobe_illustrator-icon.svg" alt="illustrator" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.java.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mathworks.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png" alt="matlab" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.photoshop.com/en" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/photoshop/photoshop-line.svg" alt="photoshop" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.php.net" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/php/php-original.svg" alt="php" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://unity.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/unity3d/unity3d-icon.svg" alt="unity" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>
